# MariaDB_K8s_Demo
A demonstration of MariaDB on Docker, using Kubernetes on Digital Ocean, automated with Terraform and Helm



To Do:

Create Digital Ocean Account for kesterriley@mariadb.com
Create a kesterriley@mariadb.com github account
Create CircleCI account for kesterriley@mariadb.com
Create a URL and point phpAppDocker/Dockerfile to it. 

Use DigitalOcean API /terraform to create networking, for the URL and directing traffic over mutiple DCs 
lon1.xxxx.com fra1.xxxx.com and xxxx.com over both.

Create Docker containers for Databases (Galera), and MaxScale - based on MariaDB Enterprise, these need an 
enterprise key inside CircleCI ( and this will run out )
Create a PHP Crud Application in a Docker container which shows DB server connected to (server region and name)

Create DO infrastructure (Registry, URL, multi region) with Terraform
Push Docker containers to CircleCI, built and scanned with TRIVY  via CircleCI

Create Galera Infrastuructue, with MaxScale (one in each Region) using API for management.
Create Database, Load Data
Point Web Browser to URL and test application
Create secondary DC (sync DB) connect to secondary DC

How do you control multiple Kubernetes clusters from one command. So that this can create multiple data centers and 
connect to each one to look at pods and services. 

how do you link datacenters over DB connections. 

how do you connect PHP to multiple data sources ?

The build process currently sends docker images for maxscale and server to docker hub. These need to go to 
DigitalOcean like the phpApp does.  

Can circleci handle multiple docker builds or does each one need to be a seperate Project. -- Make seperate.

the phpAppDocker container needs to make a pod with the yaml for each Datacenter, should this yaml not be the main 
project?

Performance test vs skysql. 


Explainer video:

- empty ship (hosts)
- a few containers on - not economical (different contaiers docker, rockit etc)
- lots of continers on - more economical
- what happens if ship sinks - everything lost
- if you have a product that must survive - you might need to ship on different ships
- container organistsion (orchastration) port cranes -different crans (docker compose, kubernetes)

gets expensive if containers are not used 
ships are slow - might not always be the best